Forget it, can you do it?
Why don't you go home and rest for a while?
It's okay, Uncle Chen, don't worry.
I was young.
Just eat more
Then what's wrong with you?
Be sure to tell uncle as soon as possible.
I will, um, eat
Hey, have you heard?
In a few days.
Our company is about to hold a shareholders' meeting
There's a shareholders' meeting every month.
What's so strange about that?
This time is different
Something big happened.
It's about our way
Do you want to know? I have inside information.
Oh, don't sell it.
Say yes now
If you don't tell me, I'll be angry
Okay, okay, I'll tell you.
This dinosaur convention was removed
What? That's impossible.
Mr. Lu's key has been removed
Who will be the president?
Also, who is Sun Po, Sun Hong's son, and granddaughter is not the master?
The company is about to change
Right?
I heard that he commanded father and son for two years
Returned a lot of small shareholders who specifically
Hello, is that you?
Xiao Fan is me
Is that really you?
I beg you I beg you please my grandpa
What's up?
My grandfather he
My grandfather is dying
I'll be right there.
Uncle Chen, I still have something to leave in advance.
Are you leaving after dinner?